The record shows that in July 2001, the Applicant's adoptive father filed a Form I-600A, Application to File Petition for Eligible Orphan , which was approved. The Applicant was born in Guatemala in I 2002. The evidence below includes a deed of adoption, which reflects that in 2002 the attorney representing the Applicant's adoptive parents adopted the Applicant on their behalf. 1 The record further shows that a month later the Applicant's adoptive father traveled to Guatemala and filed a Form I-600, Petition to Classify Orphan as an Immediate Relative, with a local overseas U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) office. The petition was approved affording the 1 The deed of adoption provides in part that the adoptive parents' representative "takes in adoption the minor, who from this moment will be under her charge and acting as adoptive mother of the minor, who assumes all the inherent responsibilities of mother, as well as patria potestas over the minor, who from this date will use the last name of [his] adoptive parents .... "

Applicant an IR-4 immigrant classification-orphan to be adopted by a U.S. citizen.2 In 2002, at the age of five months, the Applicant was admitted to the United States for permanent residence as an IR-4 immigrant. To determine whether the Applicant derived U.S. citizenship from his parents based on those facts, we apply the law in effect "the law in effect at the time the critical events giving rise to eligibility occurred." See Minasyan v. Gonzales, 401 F.3d 1069, 1075 (9th Cir. 2005). Because the last qualifying event is the Applicant's admission to the United States for permanent residence in 2002, we consider his citizenship claim under current section 320 of the Act, as in effect since 2001. Section 320 of the Act provides that: (a) A child born outside of the United States automatically becomes a citizen of the United States when all of the following conditions have been fulfilled: (1) At least one parent of the child is a citizen of the United States, whether by birth or naturalization. (2) The child is under the age of eighteen years. (3) The child is residing in the United States in the legal and physical custody of the citizen parent pursuant to a lawful admission for permanent residence. (b) Subsection (a) shall apply to a child adopted by a United States citizen parent if the child satisfies the requirements applicable to adopted children under section l0l(b)(l), [8 U.S.C. § ll0l(b)]. Because the familial relationship between the Applicant and his U.S. citizen parents was created by adoption, the Applicant must satisfy the requirements in section 320(b) of the Act. The term "adopted child" for derivative citizenship purposes means a person who has been adopted pursuant to a full, final, and complete adoption, and who also meets the requirements of section 101 (b )(1 )(E) or (F) of the Act. 8 C.F.R. § 320.1. Section l0l(b)(l) of the Act provides in part that a child must be in the legal custody of, and reside with the adopting parent or parents for at least two years to derive U.S. citizenship. In the case of an adopted child, legal custody will be presumed based on the existence of a final adoption decree. 8 C.F.R. § 320.